# Retrospective

In the last two iterations we vastly overestimated how many features we could get done. In iteration 1 we had to push off fully adding in the ability to create and remove items and in iteration 2 we had to push off adding in orders as well as adding or removing multiple items. The features pushed from iteration 2 are quite large and require big changes to the database and logic classes. These features got pushed off due to having issues with integrating componets and other bugs that would come up. We did not consider to leave time for these events, which is an oversight. This iteration we will try to make better guesses about what features we have time to implement, while also considering time for having to fix bugs. Due to having to fix up the database and logic layers a bit, it is unclear if we will get the features pushed from iteration 2 implemented. We are instead trying to get smaller features that compliment the other features already in our app implemented. These features will include the ability to create view multiple inventories, accounts with different privilidge levels, and to view reports. These features are smaller and build of code already implemented. We feel that this is a much more realistic view of what we can get done in iteration 3, and we should not have repeated overestimates like in iteration 1 and 2. We can measure the suceess of this by how many of these features we get completed. Hopefully it is all of them, which means we will have been successful. Another metric of success will be if we can get most of the larger integration issues and bugs fixed before the iteration is over. The success of this will vary based on how many issues we get, but if the issues remaining are minor and not app breaking, we will consider that a success.

Looking at our project velocity, we are pretty bad at time estimates. The first iterations time estimates were way higher than what we actually recorded and iteration 2's somehow got worse. This iteration we are hoping to have estimates closer to the actual time taken. This pairs well with our goal to more accurately estimate how many features we can get done in an iteration, so by paying more attention to both of these and using our expereinces in the past 2 iterations we should be able to get better estimates overall for our velocity and abilities this iteration.